improve error messages for intentions (#11075)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/intention/create.mdx

```shell-session
$ consul intention create -file intentions/*.json
```

<EnterpriseAlert inline /> Create an intention from any service in any namespace
to the assets-public service in the default namespace:

```shell-session

> # Wrap "*/*" in quotes to prevent wildcard expansion by the shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Wrap "*/*" in quotation marks to prevent wildcard expansion by the shell
```
Perhaps just a nit, but the _quote_ is the stuff between the _quotation marks_.
